Isn't a security guard just a company dog?
Just hear the call
And he just sort of ran in.
I wanted to surprise you
But as soon as I came in, I heard a dog barking
Afraid of being bitten
And I'm coming in.
Who are you calling a dog?
Believe it or not, I'll have someone break your leg first
We are prosperous
How can you roll in the bottom garbage bag like you?
Three minutes later.
You will know who should get out of the prosperous world
Smelly security guard
Your cat ran into dead mice a few times ago.
You really think of yourself as a big shot
You open your eyes and see clearly
This is Saatchi Design.
It's Mr. Liu, hahaha.
Weak, your sister looks so smelly and sweaty
Not only is he poor
Still a nerd
No one in the entire Haicheng knew about Shengshi Design
It's Liu
Three minutes to
Ha ha.
Mr. Liu is such a stinky security guard
Give him three minutes
I'll give him three lifetimes, and he's still a stinky security guard
Stinky brain, hurry up and get out of here, hurry up
Dad, why are you here?
It's just brain smashing
What if you go down?
How did my father raise such a fool as you?
Dad, why are you hitting me?
Are you the docking person of Shen's Group?
This is a microphone.
It's an honor.
Shengshi Design
Can become a subsidiary of the Shen Group